Update README.md with usage example for Dia model (#118)
Blaizzy/mlx-audio: README.md

A text-to-speech (TTS) and Speech-to-Speech (STS) library built on Apple's MLX framework, providing efficient speech synthesis on Apple Silicon.

> uvx --from mlx-audio mlx_audio.tts.generate --model mlx-community/Dia-1.6B-6bit --text "[S1] Dia can now run on your Mac thanks to MLX. [S2] You get full control over scripts and voices. [S1] Wow. Amazing. (laughs)"

Reviewer: This is awesome, but can we use `python -m` instead of uvx ?

> uvx --from mlx-audio mlx_audio.tts.generate --model mlx-community/Dia-1.6B-6bit --text "[S1] Dia can now run on your Mac thanks to MLX. [S2] You get full control over scripts and voices. [S1] Wow. Amazing. (laughs)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python -m mlx-audio mlx_audio.tts.generate --model mlx-community/Dia-1.6B-6bit --text "[S1] Dia can now run on your Mac thanks to MLX. [S2] You get full control over scripts and voices. [S1] Wow. Amazing. (laughs)"
```
